#summary ADP 1.6 - Kernel-Update
#labels support,help
=ADP 1.6 - Kernel-Update=

<font size="4" color="#990000">HTC has signed the official image with wrong keys.</font>

See:

[http://groups.google.com/group/Android-DevPhone-Updating/browse_thread/thread/54f7a05cc06c7072/7b7972ec6f1cad72 http://groups.google.com/group/Android-DevPhone-Updating/browse_thread/thread/54f7a05cc06c7072/7b7972ec6f1cad72]

[http://groups.google.com/group/Android-DevPhone-Updating/browse_thread/thread/5b7c52f40d91d2ef http://groups.google.com/group/Android-DevPhone-Updating/browse_thread/thread/5b7c52f40d91d2ef]

*It looks like that the new recovery (image/mode) operates with wrong keys.* 
*The only way* to get this kernel-update installed (if you don't want to use fastboot) is to replace it. I've put a package together which helps to do that. It includes a recovery.img from cupcake (the one which was installed before).

*** === AT YOUR OWN RISK === ***

*1)* You need to have "adb" in your PATH. [http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html adb] is part of the [http://developer.android.com/sdk/1.6_r1/index.html Android-SDK] (binary is located in "tools"-folder). 

*2)* Download this package: [http://android-wifi-tether.googlecode.com/files/replace_recovery.zip replace_recovery.zip] and extract it.

*3)* Execute "replace_recovery.bat" - Windows-users only (of course).
   => If you are using a Mac or Linux please follow instructions in "Linux_MAC_Howto.txt".

It's possible that the phone reverts the installed recovery after each reboot. So, don't reboot now but follow the instruction on how to install the kernel-update below.

---- 

<font size="4" color="#990000">For ADP1.6 (Donut) ONLY!</font>

*** This kernel-update is for the OFFICIAL ADP1.6 FIRMWARE published by HTC only! ***

You might have noticed that "Wifi Tether for Root Users" does not work anymore after updating your *Android DevPhone 1* to [http://developer.htc.com/adp.html ADP1.6 (donut)] *(official firmware from HTC)*.

The new kernel does not support netfilter/iptables! To make our application run you have to *replace the original kernel* with our "netfilter-enabled" kernel.  

<font size="4" color="#990000">This kernel-update won't work correctly on other devices/firmwares. Don't apply this update on a HTC Magic for instance!</font>

---- 

== Instruction ==

*** === AT YOUR OWN RISK === ***

*1)* Install the official firmware (if not already installed) - [http://developer.htc.com/adp.html ADP1.6 (donut)]

*=== MAKE SURE THE NEW FIRMWARE IS INSTALLED CORRECTLY ===*

*2)* Download the kernel-update from [http://android-wifi-tether.googlecode.com/files/adp-1_6-kernel-update_r2.zip here]

*3)* Copy adp-1_6-kernel-update.zip to you sd-card and rename it to "update.zip"

*4)* Reboot the device into recovery mode by holding down the HOME key during reboot. When the device enters recovery mode, it displays a "!" icon.

*5)* With the recovery console displayed, open the sliding keyboard and hold down the ALT+l key combination to enable log output in the recovery console.

*6)* Next, hold down the ALT+s key combination to install the update. An "installing update" icon and progress bar (or a similar status message) are displayed. When the progress bar completes, the installation is finished.

*7)* Press the HOME-BACK key combination to reboot.
Enjoy!

---- 

== Security ==
The kernel-update installs a su binary which is theoretically callable from any other installed application. 
If you want to *close this "security hole"* I recommend to install an application called *"Superuser Whitelist"* available *[http://www.koushikdutta.com/2008/11/update-to-superuser.html here]*. 
I'm not sure under which license this app is distributed so I've decided to not include it in the kernel-update-package.