#summary ADP 1.5 - Kernel-Update
#labels support,help
=ADP 1.5 - Kernel-Update=

*** This kernel-update is for the OFFICIAL ADP1.5 FIRMWARE published by HTC only! ***

You might have noticed that "Wifi Tether for Root Users" does not work anymore after updating your *Android DevPhone 1* to [http://www.htc.com/www/support/android/adp.html ADP1.5 (cupcake)] *(official firmware from HTC)*.

The new kernel does not support netfilter/iptables! To make our application run you have to *replace the original kernel* with our "netfilter-enabled" kernel.  

<font size="4" color="#990000">This kernel-update won't work correctly on other devices/firmwares. Don't apply this update on a HTC Magic for instance!</font>

== Instruction ==

*** === AT YOUR OWN RISK === ***

1) Install the official firmware (if not already installed) - [http://www.htc.com/www/support/android/adp.html ADP1.5 (cupcake)]

*=== MAKE SURE THE NEW FIRMWARE IS INSTALLED CORRECTLY ===*

2) Download the kernel-update from [http://android-wifi-tether.googlecode.com/files/adp-1_5-kernel-update.zip here]

3) Copy adp-1_5-kernel-update.zip to you sd-card and rename it to "update.zip"

4) Reboot the device into recovery mode by holding down the HOME key during reboot. When the device enters recovery mode, it displays a "!" icon.

5) With the recovery console displayed, open the sliding keyboard and hold down the ALT+l key combination to enable log output in the recovery console.

6) Next, hold down the ALT+s key combination to install the update. An "installing update" icon and progress bar (or a similar status message) are displayed. When the progress bar completes, the installation is finished.

7) Press the HOME-BACK key combination to reboot.
Enjoy!