#summary Frequently Asked Questions
#labels FAQ,support,help

*What does this application do?*

This program enables wifi-tethering for "rooted" handsets.
Clients (your laptop for example) can connect via wifi (ad-hoc mode) and get access to the internet using the 3G or 2G connection which is established by the handset.


*What is this root thing and how do I get it?*

Root means more power over your device. This is useful, but can also be a security risk, so it's disabled in the retail Android distribution. You can find instructions on how to get it [http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=442480 here].


*How do I install the program?*

You can either download it [http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/downloads/list directly] on your phone or look it up in the Market.


*Why won't tethering start on my phone?*

First, check that you have root permissions. When you open Wifi Tether for Root Users, you should see a message warning you if you do not have root permissions. However, you may still want to check the steps [http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=442480 here] and make sure you have done them or something like them to obtain root permissions.

If you have root permissions, but still cannot start tethering, it may be an issue with either the tethering binaries or your tethering settings. From the main tether screen, try going to Menu->Setup->Menu->Reinstall binaries/configs.


*I am running my apps from SD card instead of internal memory. How can I get Wifi Tether to work?*

You will need to move Wifi Tether for Root Users back to system memory. You can do the following if you only want to move Wifi Tether back. On your phone, open Terminal Emulator and type these commands:

busybox cp -a /system/sd/data/android.tether /data/tether

rm -r /system/sd/data/android.tether

ln -s /data/tether /system/sd/data/android.tether

Now, open Wifi Tether for Root Users and go to Menu->Setup->Menu->Reinstall binaries/configs.


*What keeps killing tethering or turning wifi/GPS on during tether?*

It's probably another application. The most common we've seen causing this issue is ShopSavvy. To prevent this from happening, open the Shop Savvy application and go to Settings->Privacy. If you see a "Find my location" setting and it is currently on, turn it off.


*My computer is having trouble connecting! What can I do?*

Check whether your operating system and wireless card support ad-hoc connections. Ubuntu is known to have poor support for these types of connections, for instance.

If you think your OS is not the issue, it may be an issue with either the tethering binaries or your tethering settings. From the main tether screen, try going to Menu->Setup->Menu->Reinstall binaries/configs.

If that still doesn't resolve your issue, it may be a problem with your allowed clients or security settings. Start tethering and connect your laptop. then from the main tether screen, go Menu->Setup. If "Activate Access-Control" is already checked, either uncheck it or check the entry below containing your laptop's MAC address. If "Activate Access-Control" was unchecked originally, try checking it and checking the entry below containing your laptop's MAC address.


*I'm running JF's-Firmware (1.4x) but tethering doesn't start or my phone hangs!*

JF's firmware comes with an application called Superuser Whitelist. This application has an error which sometimes prevents programs from being able to acquire root-permission, even when the user tells it to give them!
See the [http://code.google.com/p/superuser/issues/detail?id=1 bug report]. You can first try simply opening Superuser Whitelist and removing the entry for "android.tether".
If that doesn't work, try uninstalling Android Wifi Tether and installing it again. If you are lucky enough (this issue happens and/or is fixed randomly) you will no longer experience this issue!