#summary Release notes/known issues

= Experimental versions =

----
----
== wireless_tether-2_0-pre8 ==

=== - Release notes ===

`*` *Added* support for Motorola Cliq. Needs to be tested!

`*` *Added* the "reduce transmit-power"-feature for NexusOne. 

=== - Known issues ===
?
----
----
== wireless_tether-2_0-pre7 ==

=== - Release notes ===

`*` *Added* additional check for kernel-compatibility - Workaround added if /proc/config.gz does not exist. 

=== - Known issues ===
?
----
----
== wireless_tether-2_0-pre6 ==

=== - Release notes ===
`*` ESSID can't be changed - Filed in *issue 264* - *FIXED* see r383

`*` *Added* additional check for kernel-compatibility. See r384.

=== - Known issues ===
?
----
----
== wireless_tether-2_0-pre5 ==

=== - Release notes ===
`*` *Added* (very experimental) support for Samsung Moment - Problem reported: cellular radio becomes unresponsive after an unpredictable interval.

`*` Failed message in log "Setting ad-hoc mode, channel and ssid.... failed" - Filed in *issue 264* - hopefully *FIXED* (needs to be tested).

=== - Known issues ===
`*` ESSID can't be changed - Filed in *issue 264*
----
----
== wireless_tether-2_0-pre4 ==

=== - Release notes ===
`*` *Added* support for older Android-versions (1.5/1.6) - pre4 supports now: HTC Dream/Magic/Hero, Samsung Galaxy, Google NexusOne, Motorola Droid/Milestone.

`*` Log (Show log) does not show failed commands - *FIXED*.

`*` Access-control does not update iptables-rules correctly - *FIXED*.

`*` Shared library not found if the .apk is pushed to /data/app (and not installed) - *FIXED*.

=== - Known issues ===
`*` 
`*` Failed message in log "Setting ad-hoc mode, channel and ssid.... failed" - Filed in *issue 264*
----
----
== wireless_tether-2_0-pre3 ==

=== - Release notes ===
`*` Fixed CPU Loading 99%. Filed in *issue 237*.


=== - Known issues ===
`*` Log (Show log) does not show failed commands

`*` Access-control does not update iptables-rules correctly.
----
----
== wireless_tether-2_0-pre2 ==

=== - Release notes ===
`*` Support for Motorola Droid/Milestone

`*` Fixed *can't obtain ip-address*. Filed in *issue 232*.

=== - Known issues ===
`*`   	 CPU Loading 99%. Filed in *issue 237*.
----
----
== wireless_tether-2_0-pre1 ==

=== - Release notes ===
`*` Wep-encryption fixed.


=== - Known issues ===
`*` Client *can't obtain ip-address*. Filed in *issue 232*.

-> *Workaround:* change lan-network in settings
----
----